Ot hurry up to become wilt
The moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the
moon is the moon, the moon is the moon, the
Oh...
The ground
Good
She's became happy
Может she ask
the sound to the moon?
Go and sing a plenty of fairy tales
Translated by Releska